[Service Bus] Port "scope" comments and websocket comments for useProxy sample from track 1 (#8906)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/README.md

  - This method takes the host name of your Service Bus instance and a credentials object that you need
    to generate using the [@azure/identity](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity)
    library. The host name is of the format `name-of-service-bus-instance.servicebus.windows.net`.

>     If you're using an own token provider against AAD, then set the "scopes" for service-bus to be `["https://servicebus.azure.net//user_impersonation"]` to get the appropriate token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're using an own implementation of the `TokenCredential` interface against AAD, then set the "scopes" for service-bus to be `["https://servicebus.azure.net//user_impersonation"]` to get the appropriate token.
```

Reviewer: @chradek Any suggestions for the above?

Author: `...using an own implementation of the TokenCredential interface from "@azure/identity", then set the...` ?

Reviewer: No, the interface is not from `azure/identity`, only the implementations are from there.

> If you are using your own implementation of the `TokenCredential` interface against AAD, then set ..

Also, you need to do the same on the constructor overload for ServiceBusClient
